So now let's talk about
the AWS Service Catalog.
So the users that are new to AWS, they have too many options
and they don't follow this course, for example
when they get started.
And so if you leave them the option
to do anything they want in AWS,
whatever they create may not be in line
with what the rest of your organization is doing.
And some users that just want to have access
to quick self-service portal
that allows them to launch a set of authorized products,
and these have to be predefined by admins.
So as you can see,
these could include virtual machines, databases,
storage options, and so on.
So to do so, to have this self-service portal,
you use the AWS Service Catalog.
So very simply, as an admin in AWS and Service Catalog,
you're going to create products.
And products are just CloudFormation templates
with the proper parameters.
And you can include them in a portfolio,
and a portfolio is a collection of products.
And then you define who has access
to launching what products within my portfolio.
And then as a user,
you log in to your portal on Service Catalog
and you have a quick list of all the products
that you can use because of your permissions.
And then the users can launch these products
and automatically they get provisioned by CloudFormation.
But we know
that they've been properly configured, properly tagged,
and that they respect the way
our organization is supposed to work.
So say for example,
that a user wants to have access to a quick RDS database
but doesn't know how to create one properly.
Then you could offer this as a service
from within the Service Catalog.
So hopefully that makes sense. I hope you liked it.
And I will see you in the next lecture.